clarify scheduling errors section (#7)
alice-i-cecile/rfcs: rfcs/45-stageless.md

### Scheduling errors

There are several reasons an app may error due to improper scheduling.
Most are related to graph solvability. The graph is solved in two different ways.
The first is the graph where system sets and systems are considered graph nodes. This graph is called the hierarchical graph.
The edges are checked for errors between systems and system sets at the same nesting level.
The other graph that is checked is the flattened system graph. In this graph system sets are flattened into connections between only systems.
So the dependencies on system sets become flattened into dependencies on the systems in the set.

1. A system's dependencies contain a loop or cycle.
2. The hierarchical graph contains a loop or cycle.

> 3. The hierarchical graph has a transitive edge. i.e. there are multiple paths between two sets.

Reviewer: This is much better, but an example would help a lot.

> 4. You called `.in_set` with a system's label. Only labels on system sets are allowed to contain multiple systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You called `.in_set` with the label automatically generated for a single system's type.
```

Author: this is also includes an explicit label for disambiguate between a system added in twice. i.e. to different parts in the schedule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You called `.in_set` with a label that belongs to a single system, rather than a system set.

```

> 5. (User-configurable) You have a dependency between two sets or systems that aren't part the same set. This can lead to implicit ordering of systems between sets that might have been unwanted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. (User-configurable) You have a dependency between two sets or systems that aren't part the same overarching set. This can lead to implicit transitive ordering of systems between sets that might have been unwanted.

```

6. (User-configurable) You referenced an "unknown" label. e.g. `.after()` references a label that has not been added to a system or system set. 

> 7. (User-configurable) You have two things with conflicting data access and ambiguous order. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. (User-configurable) You have two systems with conflicting data access and ambiguous order. 

```
